hi my name is lynn thompson i'm the
president of Cold Steel incorporated and
the chief instructor of our training
division today I want to welcome you to
the cold steel challenge what is the
cold steel challenge the cold steel
challenge is a celebration of the
warrior lifestyle it's a place where our
friends and customers can get together
and fight in a controlled respectful
friendly environment where they can
demonstrate their hard-won skills with
knives swords and in throwing events
like throwing our Spears and shovels and
tomahawks and throwing knives we've
tried to make an event where everyone
can come and participate and we try to
make it as very as safe as possible but
also we also try to make it as strenuous
and it's challenging as possible where
we have really good fights and people
can grow and learn and develop their
various arts I hope you enjoy this
presentation and I want to remind you
never forget to wear eye protection and
to protect your hands and other vital
areas when you're training seek out
qualified instruction and grow and learn
and you can participate in the cold
steel challenge